# Fittainment
PIS Major Project  IIIT-Delhi
We aim to work in the field of healthcare and fitness. These days, people are busy in the hustle-bustle of their hectic lives. People work like machines and at times, neglect their health. Our primary target is to introduce fun-filled, competitive, and interactive methods as a viable alternative to entertaining exercise/physical activity sessions.
Fittainment addresses the growing issue of ill health in people of all age groups and occupations, be it students, the working class, home-makers, etc. All of us neglect our health, always stating that - we want to but don't have the time or find it boring.
If that is your reason as well, FITTAINMENT is your solution! Now, exercise while you play! Fittainment is a user-friendly gaming interface designed using Arduino and processing. It involves three kinds of exercises - hand gripper, jumping, and climbing stairs, and there are three apt games associated with each of them, providing mental relaxation along with physical workout, thus providing a wholesome package to the user.
We decided to add in the theme of NARUTO to our project! All of us love the orange jump-suit wearing ninja and Sasuke Uchiha, the wielder of Sharingan and Rinnegan. Their story motivates us to work hard and never give up, which is one of the underlying purposes of this project and the motivation which made us complete this project and learn!
For the users to keep track of their activities, we have also introduced a calorie counter, which tells the number of calories you have burnt while playing the game. The calorie counter is prepared with the help of several studies that provide data (links to which have been provided below) on calories consumed while performing different exercises. We then followed a Gaussian distribution to find the total calories burnt with a minimal error of 5%.
